hello everyone I'm Jimmy Conrad yes you
have to say that that's how we start
every mixer also it's a summer transfer
window so I'm doing some transfers
around the office intern tweets here is
going to be the host whether he likes it
or not I'm going to be producing and
producer band is going to be behind the
camera look at that face everyone cute
as a button all right back to the show
wait why are we talking about transfers
Leonardo just quit PSG I know but he was
gonna be banned for a year anyway
because he pushed a referee you can't do
that you can't touch those guys he got
what he deserved let's move on
Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand
said recently that he thinks Wayne
Rooney should stay at united this season
and that Rooney should use Cristiano
Ronaldo's move from Manchester as an
example for what not to do Rudy's been
linked with moves to Chelsea Arsenal and
Barcelona but Ferdinand thinks Rooney
has a better chance at winning more
trophies with the Red Devils I totally
agree with this Ronaldo was dumb to
leave United and Rooney would be just
way we will wait seriously yeah granola
became so much bigger after you join
Real Madrid more goals more Fame more
money more problems what are you biggie
smalls now and you think Rooney yeah mr.
Wayne Rooney shouldn't leave just
because an old savvy defender like Rio
Ferdinand or like I used to be told him
that he's not going to win any trophies
somewhere else I mean just because it
happened with Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't
mean that's going to happen with mr.
Wayne Rooney but doesn't have to be
something tangible like trophies can it
be about this or this yeah sure I guess
it can be about that but aren't trophies
my players are judged by at the end of
their career not women or abs or hair
plugs yeah but what if Wayne Rooney just
wants to challenge himself as a player
what if he firmly believes that he can
win trophies no matter where he goes did
you ever consider that huh yeah and come
on face the facts Cristiano Ronaldo had
to go up against the best player in the
world and the best team in the world
during his time in Spain so it doesn't
really seem fair to compare the path to
Cristiano Ronaldo is on with what way
Rooney might end up doing hey that's not
where you use it that's good
so what are you guys thinking home
that's me today yeah you're right so
what do you guys think Shurwayne riste
should he go if he did leave would he
get more trophies let us know in the
comments below hit like and subscribe
hit me up on Twitter hit me up on
Twitter too hey Jimmy up on Twitter hit
both of us up on Twitter listen listen
listen listen you're going to need to
take your shirt off and act crazy that's
just part of mixers yeah now come on